README.md, before:

# Todo MVC in Vanilla JS

This is a quick example of MVC architecture done in Vanilla JS.

## Install

The app comes with two types of storage: static and dynamic. In order to use the dynamic version, you’ll need to have MongoDB installed (https://www.mongodb.com/download-center?jmp=nav).
Assuming you have homebrew installed:

	brew update
	brew install mongodb

Then:

	npm install

From here, everything can be managed through Gulp. Running

	gulp setup

downloads bower modules. Then to start the dev server, just use

	gulp

In src/index.html, you’ll notice that among the scripts included before the </body> tag are two stores: store-dynamic.js and store-static.js. In order to use the dev server, you’ll have to uncomment store-static.js and comment out store-dynamic. If you want to run the production server, comment out store-static and reinclude store-dynamic. Then run

	gulp build

to build the application assets, followed by

	gulp start-app

to run MongoDB and the server. That’s it!

Commit message:

Added gulp sourcemaps, npm scripts, favicon, and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Todo MVC in Vanilla JS

This is a quick example of MVC architecture done in Vanilla JS.

## Install

The app comes with two types of storage: static and dynamic. In order to use the dynamic version, you’ll need to have MongoDB installed (https://www.mongodb.com/download-center?jmp=nav). If you use homebrew, this is as easy as

	brew update
	brew install mongodb

Once you've got MongoDB installed, you can download all assets (npm and bower modules) with

	npm run setup

To start the dev server, just use

	npm start

In src/index.html, you’ll notice that among the scripts included before the </body> tag are two stores: store-dynamic.js and store-static.js. In order to use the dev server, you’ll have to uncomment store-static.js and comment out store-dynamic. If you want to run the production server, comment out store-static and reinclude store-dynamic. Then run

	npm run build

to build the application assets, followed by

	npm run deploy

to run MongoDB and the server. That’s it!
